# Intro to CTF's
A CTF (Capture the Flag) is a competetion featuring challenges having to do with cybersecurity/information-security. Typically CTF's include a wide array of challenges including Cryptography, Forensics, Web, Reverse Engineering, and PWN. While every CTF is differnt, they are usually presented in a "Jeopardy" format, where challenges are separated by category and are worth varying point amounts. </br>
## Why do CTF's?
CTF's typically model challenges on real life security problems. Participating in CTF's can help expose you to these problems and aid you in recognizing them in the future. CTF's also help you to practice the skills you have learned in a safe and controlled enviornment. CTF's can also provide you with a way to garner security experience prior to getting a security job. Last but not least, CTF's are generally a lot of fun! </br>
## Get Involved
We would love to have more people on our CTF teams! If you are interested make sure you check out the CTF channel in discord for when the next CTF is. Typically all you need to do to sign up is make an account on the CTF platform. Getting involved can mean something as simple as collaborating with us in the chat for a few minutes as we solve a challenge. Another great way to get started is to attempt to solve already solved challenges. While you may not recieve points for solving it, you can use it as a learning experience.  </br>
## Feeling Unsure?
While there are a few of us CTF-fanatics that dedicate a whole weekend to doing a CTF, we do not expect that from anyone else. We also do not expect anyone to know everything about every topic. There will often be times when we are faced with a topic we have never heard of before. That is where collaboration is key! We work together to identify the problem and solution. Sometimes it even requires the whole team! The main point is that you are trying and want to learn, we ask no more than that! If you are still unsure or have questions message me (inducedpower) on discord. I am always happy to talk CTF's.
## Resources
This repository contains a tool list of tools that are used in almost all CTF's. In the future this repository will have pages with information regarding various CTF topics. For now if you are interested in more information, check out picoCTF's resource page (https://picoctf.org/resources.html) </br>           